What's wrong? The skirt I accidentally tore while filming.
What should I do with this? How about I accompany you.
I think this skirt is less than 2,000 yuan.
Xiaoxiao, don’t give me too much.
Why do you like this kind of subordinate method so much?
How dare you talk like that? Do you know who he is?
He is the future CEO's wife.
As soon as I entered the new company, I offended both my boss and my wife.
However, this skirt is torn.
Do you still need to take photos of the meeting? Why don't you beg me?
I'm looking for someone to go down there
He's going to buy you a hot one, right?
Work is not easy either
Where is your bathroom now?
right here
I'll take you there
Please help me find someone who can do this. Thank you.